Cleanup codeowners and contributing files (#531)
SAP/luigi: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> # Community Code of Conduct

Reviewer: Would leave it as _Code of Conduct_.

Author: It is named like that because below there is already a section called `Code of Conduct`

Reviewer 2: I also had doubts about the `community` part. It is called so because it belongs to the `community` repo - I checked other repos and the files there are simply called `Code of Conduct`.  On the other hand, luigi is now separate and has its own community (in a way) so we may leave it this way.

Author: Ok, then leaving it as it is

## Overview

This document makes a reference to the rules of behavior for all contributors and maintainers in the community. All members agree to follow them to foster the growth of the community of tolerance, respect, and mutual understanding.

> ## Code of conduct

Reviewer 2: I was thinking - if the code of conduct is taken from https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/code-of-conduct, maybe we can simply link to it?  Or have something shorter like here in community: https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#code-of-conduct with an additional link?

Author: [Here](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/pull/531/commits/383e3f73b905348429ef0541282816d50025525b) my attempt, please check.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is fine 👍 :) I think keeping it shorter does the job, and the link gives more info if needed.

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of fostering
an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who contribute
through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation,
submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression,
sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age,
religion, or nationality.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment

> * Publishing other's private information, such as physical or electronic addresses,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Publishing other contributors' private information, such as physical or electronic addresses,
```

 without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not
aligned to this Code of Conduct. By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers
commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect
of managing this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant
(http://contributor-covenant.org), version 1.2.0, available at

> http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[here](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/).
```

Author: Is "available at here" correct or should be "available here"?
